feat(bootstrap): add the new input `files_md5` to facilitate dynamic files (#115)
PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-azurerm-vmseries-modules: modules/bootstrap/README.md

See the examples/vm-series directory.

## Known Limitations

> The error message below means that one or more of the keys of the `files` input map is not a name of an existing file.
> Check the key for misspellings. For current versions of Terraform it is not possible to make this message more readable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The error message below indicates that one or more of the keys in the `files` input map are not valid - check the file name and the declared file path for possible misspellings or an invalid path reference.
For current versions of Terraform it is not possible to make this message more readable:
```

Nit.

Author: Thanks, makes more sense now.

```hcl2
╷
│ Error: Error in function call
│
│   on ../../modules/bootstrap/main.tf line 68, in resource "random_id" "this":
│   68:     md5 = try(var.files_md5[each.key], md5(file(each.key)))
│     ├────────────────
│     │ each.key is "test.txt"
│     │ var.files_md5 is empty map of string
│
│ Call to function "try" failed: no expression succeeded:
│ - Invalid index (at ../../modules/bootstrap/main.tf:68,28-38)
│   The given key does not identify an element in this collection value.
│ - Invalid function argument (at ../../modules/bootstrap/main.tf:68,49-57)
│   Invalid value for "path" parameter: no file exists at test.txt; this function works only with files that are distributed as part of the configuration source code, so if this file will be created by a resource in this configuration you must instead obtain this result from an attribute of that resource.
│
│ At least one expression must produce a successful result.
╵
```

If the file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run (such as a `local_file` resource), add the hash of its contents to the input `files_md5`.

> 

Author: @damianfedeczko  Any idea how to address that ugliness? Or is that explanation sufficient?

Reviewer: @jabielecki I feel that this explanation is sufficient - but added 2 small suggestions to consider.

> If the file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run (such as a `local_file` resource), add the hash of its contents to the input `files_md5`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the file does not exist because it is supposed to be generated by the same Terraform run (such as a `local_file` resource), add the hash of its contents to the input `files_md5`.

For example `{\"dir/my.txt\" = \"6f7ce3191b50a58cc13e751a8f7ae3fd\"}`"
```
